#### How do you see all the availiable branch ?

`git branch -a`

#### How do you pull all remote branch to local ?


#### Difference between pull and fetch ?

#### how to backup to a previsou commit ?


`git reset --hard <sha1-commit-id>`


##### how to create a new branch base on master ?


`git checkout -b develop master`

##### what is the command to show all the remote branches ?


`git remote show origin`


#### how to delete a remote branch ?


`git push origin --delete DEV-9-as-a-devops-admin-i-need-to-create`


#### how to delete a local branch ?

`git branch -d DEV-9-as-a-devops-admin-i-need-to-create`


#### how to check which branch is merged ?

`git branch --merged`

check not merged

'git branch --no-merged'

#### what is the differenece between deleteing local and remote branch ?


#### how to clean up local branches ?

[reference here](http://railsware.com/blog/2014/08/11/git-housekeeping-tutorial-clean-up-outdated-branches-in-local-and-remote-repositories/)

* git branch --merged

then
`git branch -d old-merged-feature`

follow by 

`git remote prune origin`

`git fetch -p`


#### how to check remote branch status ?

```
for branch in `git branch -r --merged | grep -v HEAD`; do echo -e `git show --format="%ci %cr %an" $branch | head -n 1` \\t$branch; done | sort -r

```


#### can i recover a branch/commit after deleted in git ?

use
`git reflog` to find the SHA1

then do

`git checkout [sha]`

#### what is the difference between branch & tags ?

branch is .. more like a train route, link san francisco to san jose, tag is more like a train stop.



#### how to tag a verion ?
git tag -a v1.4 -m "my version 1.4"


#### how to list a tag ?

`git tag`

#### how to create a annotaged tag

`git tag -a`

#### how to delete a tag ?

`git tag -d [tag]`

#### how to push tags to repo ?

`git push --tags`

#### how to back out a commit ?

git log --oneline to get the sha1

git revert sha1 

`git revert a867b4af 25eee4ca 0766c053`

#### how to check the current diff with last commit ?

`git diff HEAD^ HEAD`

 previous commit can be accessed with HEAD^

 or `git show`


##### how to remove local changes ?

git checkout .

git clean -f
My question is,

(1) Is this the correct approach in getting rid of local changes, or else please let me know the correct approach.

(2) when do we use git reset --hard as i am able to reset even without this command

Thanks

*Solution : Major Edit(s): 03/26 : * Replaced many of vague terms with git specific terminology [tracked/untracked/staged/unstaged]

There could be only three categories of files when we make local changes:

Type 1. Staged Tracked files

Type 2. Unstaged Tracked files

Type 3. Unstaged UnTracked files a.k.a UnTracked files
Staged - Those that are moved to staging area/ Added to index
Tracked - modified files
UnTracked - new files. Always unstaged. If staged, that means they are tracked.
What each commands do:

git checkout . - Removes Unstaged Tracked files ONLY [Type 2]

git clean -f - Removes Unstaged UnTracked files ONLY [Type 3]

git reset --hard - Removes Staged Tracked and UnStaged Tracked files ONLY[Type 1, Type 2]

git stash -u - Removes all changes [Type 1, Type 2, Type 3]

Conclusion:

It's clear that we can use either

(1) combination of `git clean -f` and `git reset --hard` 
OR

(2) `git stash -u`
to achieve the desired result.

Note: Stashing, as the word means 'Store (something) safely and secretly in a specified place.' This can always be retreived using git stash pop. So choosing between the above two options is developer's call.

Thank you Christoph and Frederik Schøning.

Edit: 03/27

I thought it's worth putting the 'beware' note to git clean -f

git clean -f

There is no going back. Use -n or --dry-run to preview the damage you'll do.

If you want to also remove directories, run git clean -f -d

If you just want to remove ignored files, run git clean -f -X

If you want to remove ignored as well as non-ignored files, run git clean -f -x

reference : more on git clean : How do I remove local (untracked) files from my current Git branch?

Edit: 05/20/15

Discarding all local commits on this branch [Removing local commits]

In order to discard all local commits on this branch, to make the local branch identical to the "upstream" of this branch, simply run git reset --hard @{u}

Reference: http://sethrobertson.github.io/GitFixUm/fixup.html

or do git reset --hard origin/master [if local branch is master]

Note: 06/12/2015 This is not a duplicate of the other SO question that's marked as duplicate. This question address how to remove local GIT changes [remove a file added, remove changes added to existing file etc and the various approaches; Where in the other SO thread only address how to remove local commit. If you added a file, and you want to remove that alone, then the other SO thread doesn't discuss about it. Hence this is not a duplicate of the other one]

Edit: 06/23/15

How to revert a commit already pushed to a remote repository?

$ git revert ab12cd15
Edit: 09/01/2015

Delete a previous commit from local branch and remote branch

Case: You just commited a change to your local branch and immediately pushed to the remote branch, Suddenly realized , Oh no! I dont need this change. Now do what?

git reset --hard HEAD~1 [for deleting that commit from local branch]

git push origin HEAD --force [both the commands must be executed. For deleting from remote branch]

Whats the branch ? Its the currently checked out branch.

Edit 09/08/2015 - Remove local git merge:

I am on master branch and merged master branch with a newly working branch phase2

$ git status
# On branch master

$ git merge phase2

$ git status
# On branch master
# Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 8 commits.
Q: How to get rid of this merge? Tried git reset --hard and git clean -d -f Both didn't work.

The only thing that worked are any of the below ones:

$ git reset --hard origin/master
or

$ git reset --hard HEAD~8
or

$ git reset --hard 9a88396f51e2a068bb7 [sha commit code - this is the one that was present before all your merge commits happened]





