---
layout: post
title:  "SEO"
subtitle: "What you can do with it!"
date:   2015-12-8 23:56:45
categories: [tool]
---

#### what is a good way to track SEO results ?

SERP A search engine results page



#### what is a good way to measure page rank ?

PageRank is low on our priority list. It is no longer a viable way to build or asses a private blog network. We use TF (Trust Flow) from Majestic.com as our main indicator of a high quality domain, along with the backlinks point towards it.

a good TF is 20+

#### what is TF ?

Trust flow is a score between 0 and 100 , and calculated based on many direct or indirect links a domain gets from a set of trusted seed sites. ( think 6 degree of seperation) and the seed site is manual choose. 


#### Page Rank Vs Domain Authority, what is the difference ?


#### Factors in SEO

* Domain Authority
* Page Authority
* Outside links: 
* CTR * Dwell time




#### What is backlink pyramid ?





#### Do the Keyword Meta Tags do anything ?

the “Keyword Meta Tags” that you still see in WordPress have no function. In the past you could write some content then use the meta area to tell Google which keywords were relevant. This is kind of like using #hashtags on Twitter nowadays. It no longer works like that.


#### How to do On Page SEO ?

If you want to pay attention to SEO as you write, then stick the keyword somewhere near or in the opening paragraph of the article

Notice how I try to make a new paragraph every 3-4 lines? This is to make it more easy for you to read, and you should do the same.

Also make good use of H2 and H3 subheadings. WordPress makes it easy to do. “Implementation” above is an example of an H2. It makes it easier for you to scan, and also makes it easier for Google to “guess” what the topic is about.

##### Internal Linking




#### what is on page SEO ? how can i check it ?


t http://www.quicksprout.com/(free) or 

http://www.woorank.com  then there is a good chance that a PBN will result in increased rankings.



#### How to add a backlink to wiki ?

http://www.matthewwoodward.co.uk/tutorials/get-wikipedia-backlinks/

http://www.matthewwoodward.co.uk/tutorials/easy-wikipedia-link-building/



#### wikimedia backlinks ? is that same as wiki pedia ?


#### interesting tools to check out

Clicky Analytics (my preferred analytics tool) with the following analytics...

I am paying for them. Usually i find a guy on odesk.com which can write a good article for me. It costs 2.5-5$ per article.


##### how to find keywords ?

Yes. I've got a few that I use for kw research but LongtailPro has become my go-to program for finding the best micro niches. 



##### finding creative common phots, wordpress plugin
All photos from the last articles are from reative Commons Photos. 

I am using a plugin inside the site that finds the appropriate Creative Commons Photo for your articles and put them inside the post with a link below it to the owner.I will show you how to do that.


#### How to create content:

* I am paying for them. Usually i find a guy on odesk.com which can write a good article for me. It costs 2.5-5$ per article.
* They giving it to me for free. In the start i was published many Guest Articles for free in order to boost my article database. I am doing the same now only to individual travelers that they want a link for their own blog.
* They pay me. I charge the Commercial sites that they want exposure on the site as i will mention bellow. In that way i am getting pay in order to put a link from them on my site.



